[App Config] Update Response Output for Label for Configuration Setting (#27622)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/appconfiguration/app-configuration/CHANGELOG.md

## 1.5.0-beta.3 (Unreleased)

### Features Added

### Breaking Changes

### Bugs Fixed

> - Update `label` and `contentType` representation in the output from `null` to `undefined` to make it consistent with the input type [#27622](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/27622)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To match the input type, change the output representation of `label` and `contentType` from `null` to `undefined` when these properties are empty or not defined in the configuration setting object. [#27622](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/27622)
```
